# Project Name:- Online Hardware and software support system
Software and Hardware support is vital to a business’s IT. It works to ensure smooth, trouble-free operations. In addition to software, device driver, and firmware updates, software and hardware can fail, requiring troubleshooting and repairs.

**Problem Statement :-**
<p>The system will be available on an online platform for 24x7 access to the employees, the engineers, the Head of the Department and the administration. It Helps keeping your IT staff productive with fast, accurate, remote technical support for your System environment. It provides defect support for a broad range of Products running on System hardware.</p>
<p>Factors to consider include cost of downtime, skills, retention, overheads, customer satisfaction, and many others.</p>

<p>Employees of the organization uses IT based hardware for their daily work. If by some reason, these hardware goes down it is very
important to take care of these hardware and in case of fault , that should be repaired in priority basis. To maintain and support these
hardwares there exists a separate department, generally known as “SYSTEM ENGINEERS DEPARTMENT” . For any problem, concerned
employee must report to this department. Engineers from this department take care of the problem.</p>

**User :-**
1. HOD
2. Engineer
3. Employee

**Role for the HOD:-**
-	Login into the system 
-	Register a new Engineer with a username(email) and password and the category (Hardware/software)
-	Can see List of all the Registered Engineers.
-	Can Delete any Engineers from the system
-	Can able to see all the raised problem.
- Can assign any problem to any Engineer.

**Role of Engineer:-**
-	Each engineer has their own account by which they can login.(credentials given by the HOD)
-	Engineer can view the problem assigned to him by HOD .
-	Engineer can update the status of the problem addressed by him . i. e. whether it solved or any thing .
-	They can see list of all the problems attended by him/her.
-	Engineer can change his password.

**Role of Employee:-**
-	Employee can register himself with his username and password.
-	Each employee has their account in the system with which they can login
-	Employee can register any complain (hardware / software ) through the system. After registering the complain a complain id is generated by the system.
-	Employee can see the status of their problem by using complain id . Status means they can check who (engineer) is assigned to his problem.
-	They can see all complain history raised by him/her.
-	Employee can change his/her password.





